DOCS-5309 Linkerd Integration Edits (#15232)
DataDog/integrations-core: linkerd/README.md

## Setup

> This OpenMetrics-based integration has a latest mode (`use_openmetrics`: true) and a legacy mode (`use_openmetrics`: false). To get all the most up-to-date features, Datadog recommends enabling the latest mode. For more information, see [Latest and Legacy Versioning For OpenMetrics-based Integrations][16].

Reviewer: This one uses `openmetrics_endpoint` as in https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/pull/15073#discussion_r1317050535.

```suggestion
This OpenMetrics-based integration has a latest mode (enabled by setting `openmetrics_endpoint` to point to the target endpoint) and a legacy mode (enabled by setting `prometheus_url` instead). To get all the most up-to-date features, Datadog recommends enabling the latest mode. For more information, see [Latest and Legacy Versioning For OpenMetrics-based Integrations][16].
```

## Setup

> ### Prerequisites
> 
> This OpenMetrics-based integration has a latest version (V2) and a legacy version (V1). To get all the most up-to-date features, Datadog recommends upgrading to the latest version. For more information, see [Latest and Legacy Versioning For OpenMetrics-based Integrations][16].

Author: ```suggestion
This OpenMetrics-based integration has a latest mode (`use_openmetrics`: true) and a legacy mode (`use_openmetrics`: false). To get all the most up-to-date features, Datadog recommends enabling the latest mode. For more information, see [Latest and Legacy Versioning For OpenMetrics-based Integrations][16].
```

> This OpenMetrics-based integration has a latest version (V2) and a legacy version (V1). To get all the most up-to-date features, Datadog recommends upgrading to the latest version. For more information, see the [Latest and Legacy Versioning For OpenMetrics-based Integrations][16].

Author: ```suggestion
This OpenMetrics-based integration has a latest version (V2) and a legacy version (V1). To get all the most up-to-date features, Datadog recommends upgrading to the latest version. For more information, see [Latest and Legacy Versioning For OpenMetrics-based Integrations][16].
```

> Metrics marked as `[OpenMetrics V1]` or `[OpenMetrics V2]` are only available using the corresponding version of the Linkerd integration. Metrics not marked are collected by all versions.

Author: ```suggestion
Metrics marked as `[OpenMetrics V1]` or `[OpenMetrics V2]` are only available using the corresponding mode of the Linkerd integration. Metrics not marked are collected by all modes.
```

To configure this check for an Agent running on a host:

1. Edit the `linkerd.d/conf.yaml` file, in the `conf.d/` folder at the root of your [Agent's configuration directory][3].

>    See [sample linkerd.d/conf.yaml][4] for all available configuration options using the latest OpenMetrics check example. If you previously implemented this integration, see the [legacy example][5].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   See the [sample `linkerd.d/conf.yaml`][4] for all available configuration options using the latest OpenMetrics check example. If you previously implemented this integration, see the [legacy example][5].
```
